Show image that introduces concept of splits/configs (#1215)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-data-files-configuration.md

However, if you want the Dataset Viewer to show certain data files, or to separate your dataset in train/validation/test splits, you need to structure your dataset accordingly.
Often it is as simple as naming your data files according to their split names, e.g. `train.csv` and `test.csv`.

## What are splits and configurations?

> Machine learning datasets typically have splits and may also have configurations. A _split_ is a subset of the dataset, like `train` and `test`, that are used during different stages of training and evaluating a model. A _configuration_ is a sub-dataset contained within a larger dataset. Configurations are especially common in multilingual speech datasets where there may be a different configuration for each language. If you're interested in learning more about splits and configurations, check out the [Splits and configurations](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets-server/configs_and_splits) guide!

Reviewer: We usually use the words "subset"/"sub-dataset" as aliases for configurations, so maybe we can avoid using this for splits.

```suggestion
Machine learning datasets typically have splits and may also have configurations. A dataset is generally made of _splits_ (e.g. `train` and `test`) that are used during different stages of training and evaluating a model. A _configuration_ is a sub-dataset contained within a larger dataset. Configurations are especially common in multilingual speech datasets where there may be a different configuration for each language. If you're interested in learning more about splits and configurations, check out the [Splits and configurations](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets-server/configs_and_splits) guide!
```

> Machine learning datasets typically have splits and may also have configurations. A _split_ is a subset of the dataset, like `train` and `test`, that are used during different stages of training and evaluating a model. A _configuration_ is a sub-dataset contained within a larger dataset. Configurations are especially common in multilingual speech datasets where there may be a different configuration for each language. If you're interested in learning more about splits and configurations, check out the [conceptual guide on "Splits and configurations"](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets-server/configs_and_splits)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Machine learning datasets typically have splits and may also have configurations. A _split_ is a subset of the dataset, like `train` and `test`, that are used during different stages of training and evaluating a model. A _configuration_ is a sub-dataset contained within a larger dataset. Configurations are especially common in multilingual speech datasets where there may be a different configuration for each language. If you're interested in learning more about splits and configurations, check out the [Splits and configurations](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets-server/configs_and_splits) guide!
```
